
Do most women secretly fantasize about a bald man?
If Donald Trump would divorce Melania Trump..how much would she get of his billions?
I have to test a voltage controller..but..the last time I did that it actually ruptured on the PCB because they amp/current was too high, it is just 12V..but..that was enough to rupture the last one, so, how do I do that?
Does the EU court have any say over what happened in France?  For ex can they do a 54 ruling that Macron didn't have the right to by executive action decide that the retirement age should be raised from 62 to 64?
If you work as a judge or prosecutor in a federal court, can you really move from New York to Louisiana and enforce/oversee the same laws?  I didn't know if there were still differences despite it is federal court in different states?
After you graduated college..in order to save money..did you live in your car your first couple years having your white collar job at the same time?  Then after a couple years of savings..then started living somewhere?
If for your LLC you get a CPA firm to do you taxes for you, do they send in your tax return for you, or, do you sign it and they just "prepare" it?  I was thinking if you sign it anyway it might just be better to do it oneself?
Are a lot of rich people annoyed with all those rural people that live out in the wilderness prepping talking about how the Fed should be abolished because the rural people are right?
Will the EU, or EU courts, intervene in FranceWill the French ever be able to get the retirement age from 64 to 62 again..or, is that a lost, forlorn situation?
I don't really understand..why did Macron go to France..I mean, what is he doing?  Is he trying to just piss off America, I don't understand it?
Is it good or bad that a lot of people can't get a job in media because it is very.."appearance" centric, I was thinking of people who were very smart..but..guy that didn't have good hair for ex..shouldn't they be able to work in the business?
Will the GDP of USA essentially contract 6% if they get universal health care?  I read in the developed world..most company have 2% GDP of private healthcare spending, but, USA is 8%, will that essentially go from 8% to 2% if they get universal health care?
Do many/any Democrats stand a real change of unseating Biden in the Democratic primary for President?
If you get a bike at a local thrift store for 10 bucks, can yo usually flip it for 50 or so?  My local thrift store usually has bikes on sale certain days for 8 bucks..so..I guess I thought I might try to sell them later on Craigslist or something?
I read that some dude in England traded on the English stock market based on the outcome of Napoleonic battles..but..did they have such people in USA?  I was thinking if anybody in USA traded on the New York stock during the Civil War?
Can a person still work in a junior dev roll even if they have been coding for years?  I was thinking if they preferred the "code writing" process and didn't want more or less any responsibility beyond..just writing the code they want, and leaving the architecture/etc just up to others?
If a person has a contract with a company to do work with..do they normally to it onsite..or..do they send it in?
Do a lot of people have an account..maybe Etrade or something..where they keep maybe 1000 dollars or so, and, if the headlines show something good or bad then buy or sell based on that..so.."trade" on a day by day basis, but, not minute by minute or hour by hour?
Do people make a lot of money on Substack?
If a person wants to rent office space..what generally is the smallest amount of space that they can rent?  I need literally one room..so..literally 100 sq ft, but I need the room, not a "coworking" area where a person pays a fee, a literally 100 sq ft that is walled in.
I buy 1 dollar earbuds but they always stop working, where inside them is the wire break most common?  I thought I might put some reinforcement outside of them with a glue gun or literally heart shrink, to try to keep the wire from breaking?
Are there many/any books that teach people how to code in a different language if they already know one?  For ex, C++ for somebody that already knows Python, or, the reverse?
I think the Business Commission of a state can prohibit somebody from being in the leadership, or "officership" of a corporation, but, can they do that for somebody to be the registered agent from an LLC?  I think a C corp has different rules as opposed to an LLC?
What percentage of men had white collar jobs in 1950?
What happens to all the excess money in a nonprofit, is the director supposed to find things for the organization to spend it on/invest it in, or, does it just stay in the organization for years?
I had thought to form an LLC for any self employment income..but..does a person need a different LLC for everything that they do..or..is everything they do covered by the LLC?
I've read about people that have been banned by a state government from being the officer of a corporation..but..can people also be banned from having their own LLC?  I was thinking if somebody had a company, lost it, but, wanted to start an LLC?
Do a lot of companies/organizations have people write software from their own libraries, or, do most companies/organizations not have that and then they just have to write it "from scratch"..I can imagine a lot of time gets lost if they have to do that?
I was looking at working as a programmer in or around Washington DC, either up either in DC or just outside of it..maybe the "Dulles Corridor"..but..are there any languages that are especially wanted/needed up there?  I was curious if one skill set was much more coveted there than another?
Do you have to actually get a job as a programmer in order to get "cred", in the eyes of the industry or other programmers?  I was thinking if somebody developed/work on systems/things they developed themselves..would others see others as a success?  Or, does it have to be commercially viable..not just technically complex?
Can a person get hired as a programmer part time?
I ask a question every once in a while here..but..is there any forum/site that talks a lot about the legal rulings that have to do with the federal government?  With everything that is happening with the country this has become a hot topic?
Is it not racist to let people into the United States that are ethnocentric against white people?
 Do many people code by voice as opposed to typing on keyboard?
Does having a bad car keep you from getting a white collar job?
When famous people write op eds for big newspapers..what do they usually get paid?
What kind of code/projects should a programmer post on Github if they want to try to get hired by others firms?
What is the most common block programming languages that people use?  I thought that people used to have to learn how to code..but..now apparently they have this block programming, but, I have never been that acquainted with it?
Did the Germans every dam the Kaiser Wilhelm II for getting them involved in WWI?  Did they ever say.."that dam Kaiser..if he wouldnt've gotten us involved..would have been a better century"?
Is it generally accepted that a concrete block is a longer lasting material to build the frame of  a house out of than wood?
Do a lot of people that work as programmer not have a Bachelors degree?  I have been programming for years on my own and had thought to possibly try to get a job doing it, or, possibly try freelance?
If somebody has been programming for years and it more or less looking to get into something else..or..establish something with programming where they don't have to do "daily" maintenance..what can they do?
Can mold or termites actually disintegrate a concrete building frame to a point where a building could be unsafe?  I know with wood/lumber termites/mold can literally disintegrate it completely, but, is it the same with concrete?
Do a lot of people that work in comp sci keep doing it after 65 years old, or when they hit 65, do the more or less take their retirement (I realize now that a person doesn't get retirement till..I think it is 66 now, but, used to be 65..) and kick up their feet?
Is the goal of the Democrats to essentially make USA a Chinese protectorate?
If you are working as a programmer, does your employer require to go to a physical office to code, or, is it remote?
If New York State or Manhattan wanted to implement some sort of universal healthcare or healthcare for all, could they do that?
Given the current state of jurisprudence in the United States, if a charge was brought against Hillary Clinton or Joe Biden in a territory such as Louisiana..is that allowed, or, does it have to be brought in Washington DC?
If a person wants to become the CEO of a Fortune 500 company..how long do they have to be working in corporate America before they have have the job?  Is it more or less 20 years or so?
I have been writing Python for a couple years but figured I should get a little experience programming in one of the C languages..but..which is most recommended to start doing something in, is it C,C#, or C++, I was thinking C++
If somebody writes a program in C++ that calls Python code, if the users of the software don't have Python installed on their computer..will it still work, or, do they have to have Python installed as well?
If a person needs to do a lot of analytical analysis on their computer, what languages is recommended?
If you want to write software that others can use and that you possibly might be able to make money from is it a good idea to write it in C++ so others can just open the exe file as opposed to having to run it in a Python Shell, which many normal people don't know how to do?
The letter of my default hard drive is E:  ,this is problematic because many things default to install and update the C: drive, I've been trying to do this via partition manager but it doesn't work, how can I change the letter from E: to C:?
If a person starts writing software and put its up on Github, if other want to donate money to them to be able to develop it, how does that work?
I've been programming in Python for a couple years..but.. I was looking for freelance Python work (preferably backend) in or around Washington DC..but..are there any organizations that specialize in freelance work, like an agency..otherwise I guess a person has a to get "remote" job?
I don't understand why tubing is made from PVC (poly vinyl chloride),but,flat stuff is made from polycarbonite? Why is it that if something is in a tube,(pvc plumbing,conduit?),it is PVC,but,if it is flat is it polycarbonite?I have never seen a 1x1 foot of PVC, but, I have seen 1x1 of polycarbonite?
Given that Kari Lake said at CPAC she was approached by people, "from out east" (Washington DC?), to drop out of politics till until after the 2024 Presidential election..how much did they offer Kari Lake to drop out?
You see old barns that are sitting out in the wilderness that have been standing for..200 years or something, will a frame that is built in concrete block stand that long?  We have thought to use concrete block from the frame of a house instead of wood.
Do a lot of white collar offices prefer to have their office in an isolated location/building, or, prefer to have it in the middle of town?
People talk about making a living by having to sit around and not do anything..but..how can a person make a living by literally lying around eating grapes all day?
What are the most coveted, "Do nothing" jobs?
I read a story about a guy that automated his job with code..but..he was an IT consultant and wrote code to do things he used to do by hand..but..can a person only do that if they are a consultant?  I guess a person couldn't do that if they worked somewhere, because they would be able to see they weren't doing anything?
How is it that Taiwan, a country that has a population of around 24 million, literally makes the microchips that USA needs, when US population is over 300 million?
Why doesn't Reddit combine the..chat and message things, I don't understand why they have the 2 of them, a chat is a message and a message is a chat, isn't it?
I used to work in very competitive work environments..but.. if somebody just wanted to get a job and work till retirement..are government jobs a good idea?  I was thinking they may not be as competitive as a job for, say, Goldman Sachs, or something like that?
I got the historical prices for all stocks on the stock market and looked at the trading session after their earnings came out to see if it usually continued or reversed a gap that it would do..but..do many people trade like that?  There are some stocks that literally
Do wealthy people essentially see Congress as their "peasant's" representative?
If a person wanted to form a corporation..what different branches can people not own stuff in?  For example if a person wants to go into banking and political consulting..I'm not even sure if they are allowed to do that, I think there are all sorts of regulations, but, I am not sure?
Are there any politicians or political movements that are mainstream that are advocating for  a national ballot initiative or for each state to have one..I have never seen anybody in Congress advocating for such a thing..not an organization nobody knows about, but, somebody with real power?
I'm fixing my phone and I have to put heat shrink tube on on one of the wires in the phone, but, I have to hold a lighter under it so that it will shrink, there is a sprinkler above where I am sitting, does the sprinkler register heat or smoke..because..if it is smoke..I don't think the heat shrink gives off that?
If a person were to get into Congress and advocate for a national ballot initiative, would they bee seen as a nutjob and more or less lose their next election?
For people that have multiple social media accounts, for ex Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, is there anything they can use to post to all of them at the same time?
France has Versailles and I read that Austria has something called Schonbrunn Palace, but, what does Germany have as a palace that was built by a monarch?
If a person wanted to have a vacation in a warmer area are they better to go to southern France or northern Italy?
How did the soldiers at Kabul Airport know beforehand that the attack was there and why did they not get authorization to intercept the individual who did it, given that the Marine testified that they believe they had the person.
If you have a higher paying job in Washington DC, what swanky danky places can you go to on a Friday or Saturday night?
People talk about "Get rich quick" schemes, but, what are the best "Get poor quick" schemes?
Does China eventually want to invade Japan?  I am curious if there is animus in China toward the Japanese for what the Japanese did in WW2?
When it comes to all these congressional hearings that have been on TV lately, what is required for them to actually get a subpoena for people to appear before Congress?
Are French people taught about Benjamin Franklin?
If a person has to answer to a subpoena to appear before Congress, is it illegal if they show up drunk to it, or start drinking a Bailey's when they are speaking before Congress?
Is there one country that a lot of people in the EU want to move to?  In USA a lot of people idolize New York City, or Los Angeles..is there any one city there in the EU, Paris, Berlin, or, wherever..where a lot of people move to if they sort of have "made it" in life?
What "better" jobs can a person get in or around Washington DC if they don't have a Bachelor's degree?  When I say "better" job I mean one of those jobs that is in DC because of the federal spending, but not like a janitor, a "beginning" white collar position.
How much do those people get that rent out advertising space on a semi truck on their farm by a highway?
Is there footage of the train actually crashing in Ohio, or, is there just footage of afterwards?
If a person gets debriefed by the CIA if they go to North Korea, do they get paid by the CIA for it?
If white men have to file a lawsuit because they have been racially profiled who do they go to?
If Black Lives Matter is allowed why is White Lives Matter called a neoNazi group?
Do a lot of people that have big jobs in or around Washington DC live in expensive apartments or houses?
Did China essentially float the balloon over USA in order to assess USA's nuclear first strike capability in case China wanted to launch nukes on USA?  Why else would they do it over USA's nuclear launch sites?
I read that a person should not use water based adhesive when putting on a toupee, but, do they still sell a type that is water based?  A person doesn't really sweat that much in cooler temps, so, it should be fine.
If a person has a little Taotao 50 moped will motorcycle shops work on that or do they more or less have to fix that on their own?
Is it legally racist to tell white people to go back to Europe?
If a person is Caucasian and is told to "go back to Europe" by somebody in the United States who is from another part of the world..is that considered a racist trope?
Will the US military ever be deployed against the 1% in the United States?
